# Declaring Podcast Bankruptcy
I’ve needed to say this for quite a while: I’m declaring bankruptcy when it comes to catching up with my podcast queue. I need to see an ever growing list of podcasts as a totally normal and acceptable thing. There doesn’t need to be a goal of emptying the queue. You’d would think this might be something easy for me to do, but it does not come naturally to me at all. I’m a completionist in almost everything I do. I’m a completionist—and—I feel this nagging desire to consume more good stuff. If some is good, more ought to be better right? I want to consume the best art, the best movies, appreciate the best photographs, and podcasts have become a deeply rich area where I can experience art, culture, and growth. I love getting the chance to learn and consider something that I haven’t thought much about, or to hear an interview with someone interesting. I’m not saying that I’m going to diminish or end my listening of podcasts, I’m hoping instead that I can get rid of the ongoing drumbeat in my brain that I must bring my podcast queue down to zero. That desire is what is unhealthy for me. I love this idea of “declaring digital bankruptcy” I’m not sure who I heard this from first (it may have been Merlin Mann), but I love the idea of it. There’s no reason that I should have to feel required to listen to every mp3 that is fed through an RSS feed. That’s not a healthy or inspiring way to live. It’s like beating yourself up that you can’t constantly drink from a fire hydrant, it’s not a healthy way to consume something that overall is good for you. I will need to say this and think it over and over and over, but today I am relieving myself of the ongoing requirement to empty my podcast queue. 

Next up: ending my need to be a Twitter completionist?! Maybe. Let’s tackle one existential technological neuroses at a time. 